This report considers global market opportunities for UK industry in Smart City technology across five urban market verticals: energy management, water management, transport management, waste management and assisted living services. The study explores market structure, size and trends as well as global and regional highlights. UK's strengths, barriers and opportunities are identified, and the role of Government in strengthening UK capability in global markets is considered, taking into account the Government's previous approaches to these issues.€This paper considers the challenges cities are currently facing, the role Smart City concepts play, the opportunities for business and the role of Government in strengthening UK capability and helping firms to exploit their expertise in global markets.€This study analyses six global cities that are paving the way in Smart City investment. The six cities – Chicago, Rio de Janeiro, Stockholm, Boston, Barcelona and Hong Kong – have been selected according to geographic and cultural spread, spread of investment types, priorities, approaches and the availability of / access to information. Core areas of interest in this research include governance and leadership models, the role of open data, Smart City projects underway, investment and business models, barriers to implementation and future investment priorities.€This catalogue details 12 sustainable city solutions from Copenhagen, addressing a series of Smart City sectors, such as mobility, water, energy, environment, waste, buildings, government, economy and living.€Smart London Plan sits within the overarching framework of the London Mayor's Vision 2020. It focuses on what the City Hall will be doing between the present and the end of the Mayoral term (2016). The Smart London multi-sectorial approach puts the citizens at the very heart of the city system, through an integration process based on the principles of openness, transparency, sustainability, collaboration, innovation and engagement.€This report was commissioned by the European Parliament's Industry, Research and Energy Committee to provide background information and advice to their members on Smart Cities in the EU and to explain how existing mechanisms perform, in particular vis-à-vis the targets of EU 2020. Current Smart City initiatives being undertaken within and across the Member States of the EU are mapped, described, analysed and assessed in the report. Furthermore, an analysis of case study examples of successful Smart Cities, identification of good practices as well as final recommendations are provided.€This report assesses EU Member States' progress in the promotion and use of renewable energy along the trajectory towards the Europe 2020 targets. It therefore reports on the sustainability of biofuels and bioliquids consumed in the EU and the impacts of this consumption in accordance with the Renewable Energy Directive 2009/28/EC. Through this Directive a European framework is established for the promotion of renewable energy – setting mandatory national renewable energy targets for achieving a 20% share of renewable energy in the final energy consumption and a 10% share of energy from renewable sources in transport by 2020.€This report mainly addresses the possible future impacts of – and possible solutions to – a range of trends, such as demographic decline, depletion of natural resources, economic crisis, social polarisation and the vulnerability of different types of cities. It therefore highlights opportunities and the key role cities can play in achieving EU objectives – especially in the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy. It presents some inspirational developing models and visions, confirming the importance of an integrated approach to urban development.€In June 2008, the Electra I Report was launched. Its aim was to determine what conditions needed to be met to ensure that the EU's electrical engineering and electronics industry – one of Europe's leading manufacturing and export sectors – would continue to grow, and at an even higher rate. In 2012, the European Commission was presented with the follow-up from the original 2008 Electra report – “The Smart World”. This up-to-date paper on the electrical engineering and electronics industry, represented through Electra, aims to: a) Briefly analyse the results of the first Electra report, looking at those areas where progress has been achieved and at those where more needs to be done; b) Outline the changes that have arisen following the 2008-2009 economic crash; c) Re-examine the challenges that Europe faces today at societal level.€This study seeks to understand the potential for JESSICA's (Joint European Support for Sustainable Investment in City Areas) financial instruments to support smarter and more sustainable cities to help deliver EU 2020 objectives: smart, sustainable and inclusive growth. Commenced in September 2011, the study includes desktop research and stakeholder interviews to understand more about how smart city initiatives arise and evolve, and how projects are procured and financed, to better understand the potential role JESSICA could play. Four cities are studied in depth as case studies: Malmö, Barcelona, Manchester and Amsterdam. Therefore the study presents the outcomes of both a workshop held in December 2011 with industry and policy makers, and a European conference about exploring the business models for smart and sustainable city projects, held in March 2012.€Through this research paper the OECD aims to analyse and assess the social, political and economical implications of – and barriers to – the adoption of green growth models in two specific cross-border regions in the Benelux. Guidance and highlighting policy implications relevant also to other Benelux and cross-border regions are taken into consideration as well. €This report summarises preliminary findings from the first case study in an OECD project to develop indicators for the green transition that can be used at the local level. This framework has been tested in regions of five countries: Denmark, Belgium, Chile, Germany and Luxembourg. Early results show that the Copenhagen region is well advanced on the path to a green economy. The report states that, though Denmark's capital is a leader among greening cities, more can be done to accelerate the transition and secure Copenhagen's leadership position in green industries and to foster a green way of life for its citizens.€This report is the result of an international project of the OECD LEED Committee on “Measuring the potential of green growth: Towards a local transition to a low-carbon economy” in collaboration with partners and experts from Chile, Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. It presents results and policy recommendations from the analysis of several regions in Chile. Moreover, this paper highlights the fact that although poverty eradication and basic services are among the top priorities of policy makers in developing countries, engaging in the green growth agenda offers economic and investment opportunities as well as ways to improve environmental and social quality.€This report summarises the presentations, discussions, and conclusions of the Citizen Science and Smart Cities Summit organised by the European Commission Joint Research Centre (JRC) in Ispra, Italy, on 5-7 February 2014. The immediate motivations for this workshop were to support the activities of a new project at the JRC on new indicators of quality of life in urban areas (UrbanQool) that aims to take advantage of new forms of data collection and provision by the public and by sensor networks. Another motivation for the summit was therefore to see if it is actually possible to access and re-use the data collected by the many citizen science projects currently active, as well as the data made available by municipal authorities and communities through projects that go under the label of “Smart Cities”. The explicit longer-term project objective is to develop the building blocks necessary for the next-generation spatial data infrastructure, “Digital Earth”.€This report aims to inform the international community and local practitioners on how climate action at the urban and local levels can be supported and implemented. The document: a) Highlights the ways in which existing financial mechanisms are perceived by city decision-makers; b) Identifies the barriers to local government action or understanding; c) Records the tools, technologies and dialogues which have benefited local governments in pursuing mitigation and adaptation activities. It focuses specifically on seven “Developing Countries” – as defined by the UNFCCC - United Nation Framework Convention on Climate Change – all requiring support to comply with their obligations under UNFCCC framework: Brazil, Egypt, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Mexico and South Africa.€This publication reports examples of actions by eight European cities (Antwerp, Birmingham, Ghent, Helsinki, London, Sheffield, Utrecht, Zaragoza) to support digital inclusion and citizen participation in general and for specific groups.. €This report presents a snapshot of migrant integration in European cities. It outlines general trends and analyses the progress of integration in cities across Europe. €The study analyses the policies and actions implemented by large European cities to support the mobility of artists and cultural professionals.€This research presents reports from nine European cities on their homelessness policies: Bergen, Munich, Newcastle, Oslo, Rotterdam, Stockholm, Utrecht and Vienna. €This report showcases how nine European cities (Barcelona, Birmingham, Bologna, Brno, Copenhagen, Lille Metropole-Roubaix, Rotterdam, Sofia and Stockholm) are on the frontline of building social cohesion through effective and efficient active inclusion policies. The underlying framework is that indicated by the European Active Inclusion Strategy – following EU Commission Recommendation 2008/867/EC on the active inclusion of people excluded from the labour market – whose main pillars are: a) Inclusive labour markets; b) Quality services; c) Sufficient income support, to varying degrees and according to the local needs, priorities and competences.€SEISMIC, acronym for “Societal Engagement In Science, Mutual learning In Cities”, is a project whose main aim is to design and develop innovative solutions to social challenges. This paper is an informative document mainly aimed at the people that are participating in the project activities; it therefore gathers information on urban issues in Europe that can be useful beyond these activities. It consists of three parts: a) Institutions in relation to urban issues; b) EU policies and urban development in Europe; c) Urban development and social innovation in the SEISMIC countries.€This publication focuses on energy efficiency in the built environment, providing a complete overview of what is happening on all levels affecting European local government. Attention is dedicated to specific areas of interest, such as Energy Services Companies (ESCOs), social housing, cultural heritage and behaviour change. At the same time this report highlights several case studies that EUKN (European Urban Knowledge Network) considers to be of particular relevance to local governments in Europe.€This publication illustrates how urban development has become more integrated and how local authorities, regions, member states and the European Commission are paving the way towards a smarter, more sustainable and more inclusive urban development. A series of relevant case studies throughout Europe and the Mediterranean is taken into consideration.€This report aims to highlight approaches to combat poverty and social exclusion in Europe. The focus is on the definition, measurement and urban dimension of poverty, its related issues and its urban and spatial aspects, i.e. employment, education, health, housing and socio-political participation. Finally, insights into the various multilevel government approaches to combat poverty in the urban environment are also provided.€This report analyses ten of the fifteen conference cases from all over Europe debated in the “Multilevel Urban Governance Conference”, organised under the Belgian Presidency of the European Council on 2nd December 2010. The conference focused on new methods for realising an integrated urban development strategy on all levels of government. Specifically, the cases deal with projects and programmes in the fields of climate policy, integrated neighbourhood development, urban coproduction in strategic planning and products, employment policy, social inclusion and poverty reduction.€This report takes into account the Urban Dimension of EU policies, in particular the so-called “Cohesion Policy”, whose main objective is to narrow the gap between less-favoured regions (and urban areas) and affluent ones. The initiatives and programmes within Cohesion Policy focus on four main objectives: a) Increasing economic prosperity and employment in towns and cities; b) Promoting equality, social inclusion and regeneration in urban areas; c) Protecting and improving the urban environment in order to achieve local and global sustainability; d) Contributing to good urban governance and local empowerment. This publication aims to demonstrate that cities have been enabled to develop with the different budgets of the Cohesion Policy. Fourteen case studies have been selected that mark how the Urban Dimension has been put into practice and how that support in turn has created a Europe that is smarter, more inclusive and sustainable than before.€This publication provides an overview of Smart City developments and challenges in the EU and China with the aim of identifying current trends and providing participating Smart Cities with suggestions for future steps.€This study, commissioned by the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) and Microsoft, aims to provide stakeholders with credible data on how much greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction can be secured, each year, as a result of enterprises migrating to cloud computing.€This report focuses on value chains emerging from infrastructure and public data unlocking as well as technology-enabling cities, making sustainable modes of city living and working possible.€This report presents a research showing how countries around the world use their national broadband plans as key policy instruments to leverage the full potential of broadband as an enabling infrastructure to accelerate sustainable development. It therefore examines best practices from five countries – Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, Rwanda and Sweden – that have successfully integrated a wide range of development goals into their national broadband plans, primarily by recognising the importance of collaborating across all sectors to realise shared aims.€This report summarises the main statistics on Internet access, Internet usage and e-Government usage in different SmartCities countries (i.e.: Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Norway, the United Kingdom and Sweden). €This report describes techniques of customer profiling to help target the delivery of services in the public sector. It gives preliminary results from work performed in the UK and describes some advantages and shortfalls of the approach.€This study gives an overview of the current situation of cities in different regions of the world, in terms of six Smart City fields – economy, mobility, environment, citizenship, quality of life and management – identifying particular experiences and good practices. €This document was assembled with input from many of the world's leading Smart City practitioners – the members and advisors of the Smart Cities Council. Its aim is to help policy-makers, urban planners and other city managers to create a vision and build an action plan to design tailor-made Smart Cities.€This survey report gives an overview on the progress on energy efficiency policies in EU Member States as well as their implementation in different sectors.€OpenCities' core vision relies on the rejection of any received wisdom whereby migration is to be viewed as a problem to be solved by palliative measures or barriers. Instead it is argued that human diversity offers many potential benefits to society – as a driver for entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation. This report shows how fundamental migrants are to any successful strategy for economic development and to any city's chances of success as a competitor in a continually globalising world. Following the authors' argument, places – countries or cities – that underutilise the skills migrants have to offer will inevitably lose competitive advantage.€This white paper discusses trends driving Smart City growth, the vision for the Smart City of the future and the maturity cycle that cities can progress through to become smart. It includes real-world examples of cities on the path to smartness and lays out concrete actions that leaders can take to move toward a well-managed Smart City. €This paper describes the Internet of Everything (IoE), its values and components – people, process, data and things – and highlights how it can play specific roles to enable future smart cities and communities. A brief overview of five cities exploiting the potential of IoE is also discussed, as well as governance, business models and technological infrastructure.€This paper focuses on mobile operators' role in delivering digital urban services to citizens in the emerging Smart Cities networked environment. The report identifies mobile payments and ticketing, intelligent energy management and analytics, as well as commercial insight as the spearhead opportunities that operators need to pursue in cities around the world.€This report evaluates the current status of urban development across China's economy, resources and environment. In closing, it charts a transformative course for future urban development in Chinese cities, analysing and evaluating innovative business models and governance approaches.€The core belief in Accenture Technology Vision 2014 is that cities and digital government need to adopt a more human-centred design approach in order to better serve their citizens, and enable more agile and responsive city institutions delivering public service for the future. This report takes a closer look at four of the six trends identified in the Accenture Technology Vision 2014, in order to understand how they are affecting cities and their citizens. For each of the trends highlighted in this report an illustrative example from people in leading cities around the world is provided.€Accenture's intelligent infrastructure platform – designed and developed for the creation and delivery of comprehensive, competitive and innovative urban services – is presented and illustrated in this report.€This document describes Accenture's point of view on how “Intelligent Cities” can be created to respond to sustainable urban development opportunities and challenges.€In this survey conducted by Indra, citizens from different countries were given the opportunity to voice their opinions on services provided by their home cities and to submit suggestions on how these services could be improved. €This study is a comparative assessment of Amsterdam's social, economic and environmental performance against a set of comparable world cities across a range of holistic indicators and variables, such as: intellectual capital and innovation; health, safety and security; ease of doing business; technology readiness; demographics and livability, etc. The main aim of this study is to answer the following questions: a) How does Amsterdam rank amongst its peers? b) Which areas are key to the city's success and in what areas does the city need to improve in order to continue to be able to compete globally?€Infrastructure 100: World Cities Edition is a showcase of one hundred urban infrastructure projects that most excelled against five criteria: scale, feasibility, technical or financial complexity, innovation and impact on society. €This publication highlights IBM's definition of “Smart City” and the requirements that are essential for the delivery of smarter projects for cities and communities.€This publication focuses on how cities, through advanced IT and a more citizen-centric approach to services, can compete in an era of talent and innovation-led growth. In this framework, cities are expected to foster sustainable development by better attracting, creating, enabling and retaining their citizens' skills, knowledge and creativity.€This publication defines the context and dimension of Smart Cities, presenting them as “systems of systems” able to interconnect streams of people, goods, services, data, infrastructures in order to deliver more sustainable urban environments.€This guide aims to provide both the strategic rationale and the practical advice necessary to enable mobile operators to capitalise on the growing interest among municipalities worldwide in the concept of a Smart City. It sets out the technological and business factors that mobile operators need to consider as they develop Smart City propositions and enter into discussions with municipalities. €In this paper IDC carries out an analysis of the state-of-the-art of Smart Cities in Spain. Five critical areas are analysed: a) Establishing a public-private partnership; b) Developing a plausible funding strategy; c) Involving citizens in the Smart City project design; d) Deploying efficient internal processes; e) Boosting city innovation. The report ends up with final recommendations for city and industry players.€This report from Arup and UCL clarifies the fundamental concept of Smart City, outlines what cities can do and have achieved up to now and offers practical and grounded insights into the challenges they face. The main focus is on governance schemes and business opportunities. €This report outlines the vision for “Melbourne Smart City” elaborated by ARUP, the City of Melbourne and a selected group of stakeholders. At the core of this vision stands the idea that the “Smart City” approach might fundamentally transform the way that cities are governed, operated, interacted with and experienced. In particular, the focus is on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and becoming a sustainable city in the broadest sense, including in economic terms, with new jobs generated in green technologies and ICT-related activities. In this report three Smart City project ideas – co-created by a multi-disciplinary group of City of Melbourne staff and external private and public sector stakeholders – are presented as examples of Smart City design and potential project ideas that Melbourne and other cities may wish to develop. In closing, a series of case studies indicating some of the potential of the Smart City is also briefed.€This report looks at the challenges for cities in delivering investor ready infrastructure projects. It focuses on the importance of infrastructure in cities and its role in sustainable development as well as effective delivery of services. The report starts with the importance of legal and governance structures that need to be in place to provide the necessary security and certainty to the investment community that will encourage them to invest in infrastructure projects. It therefore illustrates how cities with appropriate foundations of institutional stability can leverage financial mechanisms to their advantage to help deliver the infrastructure that is so critical to their future. It finally looks at the steps that need to be taken to create governance, legal and regulatory environment that will support harnessing the full range of potential sources of funding. €This paper provides an overview of the Green City Index series, a research project conducted by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) and sponsored by Siemens. It aims to raise awareness on the critical issue of urban environmental sustainability by creating a tool that helps cities benchmark their performance and share best practice. The series began in 2009 and covers more than 120 cities in Europe, Latin America, Asia, North America and Africa. It measures cities on approximately 30 indicators across eight to nine categories depending on the region: CO2 emissions, energy, buildings, land use, transport, water and sanitation, waste management, air quality and environmental governance. Each report contains overall lessons for the region as well as detailed city profiles describing individual performances and best practice. The lessons contained in the series are intended to help cities learn from each other as they debate policies and strategies to minimise their environmental footprint.€This paper provides an overview of the Asian Green City Index, a research project conducted by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), sponsored by Siemens. It aims to measure and assess the environmental performance of 22 major Asian cities across a range of criteria. The report is intended to provide stakeholders with a tool to help Asian cities learn from each other in order to better address the common environmental challenges they face. It is divided into five parts. First, it examines the overall key findings. Second, it examines the key findings from the eight individual categories in the Index: energy and CO2, land use and buildings, transport, waste, water, sanitation, air quality and environmental governance. Third, it presents a variety of leading best-practice ideas from across the region. Fourth, it gives a detailed description of the methodology used to create the Index. Finally, an in-depth profile for each city outlines its peculiar strengths, weaknesses and ongoing environmental initiatives.€This business white paper outlines IBM's vision on how an organisation can capitalise on intelligent information workflow technology to enable better business processes, help control costs, drive toward carbon neutrality and encourage citizens interaction, making it easy for them to participate in political, economical, cultural, and social activities. €This white paper provides current and interested stakeholders at all levels of the Smart City and smart energy sectors, including city leaders and managers, utilities, technology suppliers, investors, and policymakers, with an overview of the opportunities and challenges offered by the changing energy needs of cities. Its objective is to provide an understanding of some of the significant market developments and movements happening in Smart Cities that are having an impact on the energy landscape.€This paper points to multiple challenges that are converging to compel change in the US water sector. It highlights emerging trends and puts forward a series of proactive steps that water industry stakeholders are recommended to consider in order to help establish the long-term sustainability and growth of the sector.€This paper reports The Economist Intelligence Unit's liveability survey, conducted in August 2014. The research assesses which locations around the world provide the best or the worst living conditions (top 10 and bottom 10 cities) by considering five broad categories: stability, healthcare, culture & environment, education, infrastructure.€This special report, based on an interactive approach to data sourcing, combines The Economist Intelligence Unit's data from the Worldwide Cost of Living and Liveability surveys – this latter presented briefly herein – with crowdsourced inputs to provide a ranking of the best cities worldwide.€This report documents the wide range of UK's industry, research and civic capabilities – and relative actors behind – relevant for driving innovation for the world's future cities. The categorisation is made considering five types of capabilities: spatial, physical, digital, commercial and social. Through illustrative case studies this document highlights the exportable products and services that have emerged from the UK's future cities innovation ecosystem. €This paper reviews the origins, definitions, trends and pathways of knowledge about the terms and concepts of “future cities” and “future of cities”. In particular, it examines the different terms and phrases that are used by key stakeholders concerned with the future of cities. It therefore identifies key developments in future thinking and practice amongst governments, corporations, institutions and citizens at the local and global level. €This report presents the Smart Communities Project – run from 2011 to 2013 – whose main aim was to “encourage a community to discuss, develop and adopt new ways of doing everyday things, such as heating and lighting their homes, so that they consume less energy”.€This white paper, part of the EIT ICT Lab's foresighting and business intelligence activities, synchronised by the Innovation Radar, seeks to expose future themes with high innovation and business potential within the thematic “Digital Cities of the Future”. It is based on a time frame stretching at least 15 years ahead. The status quo of digital cities is analysed in six different perspectives: a) Social interaction; b) Safety; c) Data management and analytics; d) Mobility; e) Consumer lifestyle; f) Crowd-based services. The main purpose of the document is to create a common outlook and to establish a strong community across nodes and partner organisations.€This magazine-style report presents Fraunhofer FOKUS' research outcomes on Smart Cities from the period 2012-2013. The main issues raised in the report are: communication networks of the future; solutions for public IT; contemporary forms of e-government and healthcare, energy, transport and public safety; quality assurance for critical infrastructures.€This ten-year forecast map was elaborated to highlight future innovations that are expected to harness urban data to reduce poverty and promote inclusion and development. The underlying idea is to integrate designed solutions from industry and government with the innovative potential of an engaged citizenry in order to address such challenges.€This illustrated guide provides a collection of images of sustainable urban transport initiatives from around the world. It considers the transport problems evident in many cities in Asia, including high levels of energy consumption, carbon dioxide emissions, congestion, road casualties, urban sprawl and social exclusion. As final recommendation, the paper suggests the adoption of a new paradigm for sustainable urban transport that can support a better quality of urban life in Asian cities.€This annual research project evaluates the level and potential of China's urban sustainability development. It does this by: a) Analysing key factors influencing sustainable urban development; b) Identifying bottlenecks restricting sustainable development for different types of cities; c) Finding the gap between Chinese cities and advanced cities in the developed world using international benchmarking and sharing experience from city case studies. The analysis ranks 185 cities – of varying sizes and at different stages of development, by their level of sustainability from 2005 to 2011 – and deploys 23 metrics which cover four categories: economy, society, resources and environment.€This report provides an analysis on some of the most important greentech opportunities in China today. It focuses on the following themes: a) Macroeconomic challenges facing China's greentech markets in 2011 and 2012; b) China's strengthened greentech policies; c) Growing public engagement on environmental issues; d) China's outbound investment trends; e) Greentech market opportunities.€This paper from the URBACT "More Jobs: Better Cities" workstream provides a framework for city action on jobs, aiming to help cities support and grow more and better jobs for the recovery. It asserts that cities need to address three broad sets of issues – jobs and the economy, people and the labour market, and the connections between them (such as governance, intelligence and capacity) – in order to achieve economic recovery, growth and resilience. It examines each of these in turn and includes examples from a wide range of cities, projects and organisations.€This paper examines how cities can promote social innovation to address chronic social challenges, with a specific focus on young people. The role of municipalities is envisaged as pivotal, as it is considered the form of democratic government closest to citizens. The latter, for their part, are considered capable to act as catalysts and innovation brokers.€This paper was produced by the URBACT "Against Divided Cities in Europe" workstream. The aim of the group is to help European cities rethink existing policies concerning spatial and social segregation in urban areas. The paper intends to provide an overview of the concept of urban segregation and related public policies that have been studied and explored within URBACT. The objective is also to bring forward some of the most interesting practices from URBACT partner cities working on integrated sustainable development, which have implemented innovative policies against segregation.€This paper from the URBACT "Motivating Mobility Mindsets" workstream focuses on the ways in which cities can facilitate the transition to a new urban mobility, which is more fundamentally linked to the quality of space, to a new mindset, and is built on integration between policy priorities and multi-stakeholder buy-in. €This paper states that cities can lead in the reduction of CO2 emissions and the fight against climate change. In particular the report highlights how buildings, being the largest energy-consuming sector in the EU, can provide the largest cost-effective opportunity for savings.€This report calls for a new realism with regard to urban regeneration in cities affected by shrinkage. Drawing on a wide range of case studies and building on the most up-to-date debates about the causes and consequences of urban shrinkage, the URBACT "Shrinking Cities: Challenges and Opportunities" workstream focuses on the development of sustainable strategy options for shrinking cities.€This Navigant Research Leaderboard Report identifies and assesses the technology companies that are playing a leading role in the evolution of the Smart City market. It offers an evaluation of leading players in the market that have the capacity to provide leadership on large-scale projects spanning multiple city requirements. It complements Navigant Research's Smart Cities report, which provides a deep dive into the market issues and demand drivers affecting the global Smart City technology market.€This report analyses the evolution of the MSW (Municipal Solid Waste) smart management market, highlighting its underlying values and business opportunities. The focus is on waste, which, in the report, is considered as a strategic renewable resource for material and energy recovery.€This report looks at the practices currently adopted by government and identifies some of the most important levers through which the low carbon value added by new technologies could be increased in the future. Based on case studies from six European countries, the report focuses on the potential of ICT to green and make governments energy-efficient machines. The report also focuses on the strategies national governments are currently employing to foster this development.€This report, focused on USA and Canada, is aimed to show how some of North America's regional realms are on their way to effectively reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The state policies analysed in the report provide details on why policies designed to reduce GHG emissions matter and therefore demonstrate the key elements to successful implementation. The provided case studies refer to: California, Manitoba, New York, Ontario and Quebec.€This report summarises the results, explores the global market status and potential for LED and smart control technology and provides practical guidance for policy makers and lighting managers who want to scale up and finance large-scale LED retrofits. €This report presents the findings from a survey and case study analysis of 50 diverse cities from around the world that are engaged in efforts to improve their performance through greater agility. The purpose of the research is to better understand how these cities are moving towards greater agility in their formal processes for addressing challenges. In particular, the research seeks to understand: how cities are identifying and communicating their challenges; how they are finding solutions to these challenges; what barriers they face in implementing these solutions. €This report showcases some of the most meaningful examples of the world's states and regions leading the way to sustainable development. It highlights the fundamental importance of involving and committing governmental, business and civic leaderships in the fostering of a low carbon transformation: GHG reduction, new good quality jobs, economic growth and lower energy costs.€Within the context of a rapidly changing global economic, political and environmental landscape, this report seeks to build a picture of China's efforts in implementing sustainable development and shows how these efforts might impact the world's ability to drive a new clean industrial revolution.€This report sums up the experience of 14 leading global companies that worked collaboratively with 10 cities around the world to advance urban sustainability through the World Business Council for Sustainable Development's Urban Infrastructure Initiative (UII). The reported companies come from a range of industry sectors and, as WBCSD members, are committed to promoting sustainable development. The initiative demonstrates the value for cities in working with business early in the development of their sustainability strategies. This report recommends several ways for cities, businesses and other key stakeholders to overcome barriers to such business involvement. The overall objective, as with all WBCSD programmes, is to accelerate business solutions for a sustainable world by the year 2050.€This report presents and examines seven actions that leading European cities are taking to manage climate change in their cities. The data are based on the responses of 22 European cities and local governments to CDP in 2012.€This report presents the outcomes from a research on 73 world cities and local governments. The study deals with measurement and reporting of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change risks, as well as the modalities to manage reduction of GHG emissions and to adapt to the effects of a changing climate. The last section of the report focuses on C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) – a network of the world's megacities committed to addressing climate change – and their actions undertaken to measure GHG emissions and address reduction targets.€This report, based on a survey on 101 cities of different sizes, shows how climate change action by local governments around the world is creating wealthier and healthier cities. Data from these cities make it clear that the benefit of taking action on climate change at city level is not limited to reducing emissions or adapting to warmer temperatures. The analysis highlights that the cities are engaged on the issue of climate change, and, as a result, they are saving money, creating more attractive investment environments and enabling citizens to live healthier lives.€This report provides a range of global cities with relevant information and insights into the physical risks businesses face locally and how their actions help reduce those risks. The focus is on how the evolving role of cities to protect its citizens and economy leads to greater resiliency for business. In this paper, CDP's extensive database of climate change activities reported by over 200 cities and more than 4,500 large, listed companies is investigated to understand how action by city governments creates a resilient place for business.€The purpose of this paper is two-fold: first of all, it aims to describe specific Danish competencies and strengths within Smart City development and provide some general recommendations to foreign companies and stakeholders who wish to enter the Danish Smart City market. Secondly, it aims to provide an overview of the challenges facing further smart development in Denmark. The report is divided into three sections: the first section provides a general introduction to Smart Cities in a global context, focusing on the following questions: a) Why is there a need to develop smarter cities? b) What does it mean to be a Smart City? c) How is a Smart City developed? d) What are the global Smart City market prospects? This then serves as a background to the second section, which gives an introduction to Danish competencies within Smart City development, and points out a number of investment opportunities. Finally, the third section describes a number of challenges facing further Smart City development in Denmark. €This report analyses Seoul's implementation of its “Smart Seoul 2015” project, providing a best-practice guide to the construction and operation of a Smart City. The report investigates the conceptual underpinnings of Smart Seoul, the use of smart technologies and mobile web applications to provide citizen-centric services, and the role of technical standards as the precondition for Smart City functionality. €This catalogues presents 40 research projects from 16 North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany) universities. These projects span energy supply, environmental protection, logistics, health care, infrastructure, refurbishment, modernisation of public administrations and education systems, three-generation living, and traffic.€This study presents visions and strategies for the adoption of a holistic Smart City model for Italy. Specific proposals to support this process and an initial evaluation of the benefits that could be obtained from focused project-specific investments are illustrated.€This paper presents an approach to analyse and model open data initiatives based on two key ideas: context  – particularly in terms of the actors involved in the governance of data – and dynamics of open data initiatives that impact value creation. The paper begins by presenting a picture of the data sources and flows, actors and roles, and governance relationships involved  in open data initiatives. Two open data cases, from New York City (USA) and Edmonton (Canada) are presented, both describing how access and use are constrained by agency and user capabilities, data management practices, effort, politics, poor data quality, and relationships between government agencies, citizens and other stakeholders. €This report provides an analysis of the feasibility studies submitted by 30 UK cities, exploring the common city visions behind their smart programmes, the themes of the projects and the expected benefits. The report also explores the requirements for successful delivery of Future Cities Demonstrator projects, based on international comparators, and the role of the Future Cities Catapult in the next steps in the UK future cities story. The feasibility studies presented show a high level of ambition for the development  of future cities in the UK, with a broad focus on the facilitating nature of open data and its role in improving access to information, service delivery and economic development in a city. €This paper presents General Electric's vision on Sustainable Cities. Some of GE's good practices dealing with energy, buildings, water, mobility, health and finance are briefly showcased.€This paper explains the benefits and challenges of using information technology to solve typical problems that cities face in delivering services to citizens. This paper is intended to help enterprise architects, city officials and city IT workers understand and answer the following questions: a) How should a city leverage the latest information technologies? b) What is Microsoft's vision for using information technology to deliver city services? c) Why should a city work with Microsoft to improve the delivery of city services?€This paper presents the “Global City Competitiveness Index”, which compares 120 of the world's major cities – collectively representing about 29% of the global economy – across eight different categories of competitiveness: economic strength; physical capital; financial maturity; institutional effectiveness; social and cultural character; human capital; environment and natural hazards; global appeal.€This paper reviews the results of a public sector survey on mobile devices, including primary drivers and challenges, as well as application development strategies and priorities. A series of case studies are therefore presented, and the most common challenges to developing mobile initiatives, as well as strategies and approaches for overcoming these challenges, are reviewed. Lastly, this report provides a how-to guide to help government organisations assess their current situation and develop a preliminary strategy for adopting mobility, using best practices gleaned from government executives.€This paper presents a road map which outlines goals and targets that the City of Vancouver need to address in order to become “the greenest city in the world” by 2020. The vision underlying the Greenest City 2020 Action Plan is to create opportunities while building a strong local economy, vibrant and inclusive neighbourhoods and an internationally recognised city that meets the needs of generations to come. The Plan is divided into 10 smaller plans, each with a long-term (year 2050) goal and medium-term (year 2020) targets. Together, these 10 plans address three overarching areas of focus: carbon, waste and ecosystems.€This report highlights the opportunities available for cities to improve the operational efficiency and traveller experience of their mobility systems. In particular it considers how urban mobility products and services can create economic and social value for several stakeholders from across different sectors and verticals through data.€